Let’s walk through a series of tasks and ask a set of questions from user’s point of
view.
Step 1: Choosing user or persona.
The persona of our user – Mr. Benjamin.
• Knowing persona’s ability and assistive technology they use.

The elderly or visually impaired people are incapable to go to the market on
their own. Generally, they use a simple cane. It might help them in providing
support in their way, but wait that’s not a smart solution for them. They need
someone to take care of them and our smart walking stick is all set to help
them out.
• Knowing the effect of their disability/ability on their digital experience.
Many elders are not able to call out by dialing on emergency numbers like
hospital’s no when they meet with any accident due to weak memory problem
or since it freaks them badly. Our smart walking stick is just a button away to
any such help they desire.
• Knowing their motivation, emotion, risk tolerance and persistence.
We generally find elderly or impaired people involved in spiritual activities.
Our product’s user is highly inclined towards visiting temples, gardens or
shop nearby. These emotional inclinations of our user can be fulfilled by using
the static settings of navigation helper using our smart walking stick. The user
is highly intolerant to any physical hurt and thus we incorporate an alert
system.
Example of persona and the stigma of our stick user: Mr. Benjamin
Mr. Benjamin is an old man incapable to go to the market on his own.
Staying home all day gets tiring and very routine.
His family members will be worried if he loses his way in between or
unfortunately meets any accident.
He even forgets taking her daily medicines.
He is getting stressed and weak day by day.

Step 2: Creating a list of tasks a user wants to do
• User want to visit places safely
• User wants to cross any obstacle that comes in the way safely.
• User is worried about what if a health issue like abnormal heart rate problem
occurs in way, he wants a monitoring system.
• The targeted users of our project are challenged at physical levels may be due
to age or some inborn issues, they want an assistance or kind of reminder to
carry out their work.

Step 3: Creating of list of steps needed to complete each task with Scenario-Based
Designing
User wants to visit places safely.
Scenario: User forgets which way to go/ want to take the shortest path.
Steps: No extra effort, just see the static settings already incorporated in
stick.
Small screen attached to the claw controller shows an arrow in the direction user
has to head.
Audio also helps directing the elder or visually impaired to take the right path.
User listens the audio on the headphone or see the screen.
User wants to cross any obstacle that comes in the way safely.

Scenario: User comes across an obstacle.

Small camera at the bottom of walking stick captures pic. The AI enabled data
training model attached to stick analyzes if it hits an obstacle.
User is worried about what if a health issue like abnormal heart rate problem
occurs in way, he wants a monitoring system.
Scenario: User feels uneasy while climbing on stair or due to other factors.
PPG sensors (a light-based technology to sense the rate of blood flow as
controlled by the heart’s pumping action) attached to the walking stick senses
fluctuation in blood flow rate.
LED alerts the user first to take a rest if high fluctuation in heart rate is observed.
The targeted users of our project are challenged at physical levels may be due to
age or some inborn issues, they want an assistance or kind of reminder to carry
out their work.


Scenario: User wants to set a reminder for carrying out any task.

Steps:
 Button pressed by user for enabling reminder option.
 User sets time 16*2 LCD screen (like a touch mobile).
Step 4: Perform the complete walkthrough
If I am the user of smart walking stick and I see myself in user’s foot i.e. I am
assuming myself to be 65 years old lady.
In such condition, the only priority for me would be carrying out task comfortably
and easily.
Ex: I want to set a reminder but I wouldn’t want a complex task for that, a single
button click would do.
I want short path, I am not so updated with technology at this age, a click or signal
will do.
I want immediate help and since its urgency situation, I should be able to tackle
the situation with single button click.

